README.md, before:

# DropoutHelper
This is a simple Chrome/Firefox extension that makes [Dropout](https://dropout.tv) remember
your volume settings and enabled subtitles. Additionally, it includes a watch party feature that allows for
easily watching videos in sync with other people. It also includes a custom client for the 
Vimeo OTT player API because the official one isn't great.

It will also stop Dropout videos from autostarting in Firefox (since the default "Block autoplay" browser policy is implemented) until you allow autoplay on watch.Dropout.tv.

In theory, this addon could be extended to work on any Vimeo OTT platform, 
but nobody else really uses Vimeo OTT, so I'm not going to bother.

## Installation

Chrome: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/dropouthelper/jpdeijennnlahlhcoihhenodnolgdapl

Firefox: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/dropouthelper/

## Manual Installation on chrome
1. Download the latest release from the releases page
2. Unzip the file
3. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions`
4. Enable Developer Mode
5. Click "Load Unpacked" and select the unzipped folder

## Usage
1. Go to Dropout and start watching a video
2. Set your volume and subtitles
3. Done

If you are using Firefox and you want the videos to start automatically again, you need to give Dropout permission to do so:

<img width="924" height="42" alt="Image" src='./docs/assets/permissions-panel.png' />

Click on this button and then select "Allow Audio and Video". This adds an exception which allows Dropout to autoplay videos with sound.

## Building
1. Clone the repository
2. Make sure you have Node.js and NPM installed
3. Run `npm install`
4. Run `npm run build`
5. The built extension will be in the `dist` folder

Commit message:

remove saving of volume and subtitle settings

README.md, after:

# DropoutHelper
This is a simple Chrome/Firefox extension that adds a number of small QOL features for [Dropout](https://dropout.tv).
Additionally, it includes a watch party feature that allows for
easily watching videos in sync with other people. It also includes a custom client for the 
Vimeo OTT player API because the official one isn't great.

In theory, this addon could be extended to work on any Vimeo OTT platform, 
but nobody else really uses Vimeo OTT, so I'm not going to bother.

## Features
- ~~Save subtitle and volume settings~~
  - This has been fixed by Vimeo and no longer requires this extension
- Save video playback rate
- Stop videos from starting automatically in Firefox until you allow autoplay on watch.dropout.tv
- Watch party feature that allows you to watch videos in sync with other people

## Installation

Chrome: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/dropouthelper/jpdeijennnlahlhcoihhenodnolgdapl

Firefox: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/dropouthelper/

## Manual Installation on chrome
1. Download the latest release from the releases page
2. Unzip the file
3. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions`
4. Enable Developer Mode
5. Click "Load Unpacked" and select the unzipped folder

## Usage
1. Go to Dropout and start watching a video
2. Set your volume and subtitles
3. Done

If you are using Firefox and you want the videos to start automatically again, you need to give Dropout permission to do so:

<img width="924" height="42" alt="Image" src='./docs/assets/permissions-panel.png' />

Click on this button and then select "Allow Audio and Video". This adds an exception which allows Dropout to autoplay videos with sound.

## Building
1. Clone the repository
2. Make sure you have Node.js and NPM installed
3. Run `npm install`
4. Run `npm run build`
5. The built extension will be in the `dist` folder
